What: Graduation DD - OpenTelemetry (#2134)
cncf/toc: projects/open-telemetry/otel-graduation-dd.md

   - [X] Met during Project's [re-application with the new Issue template on 30-May-2025](https://github.com/cncf/toc/issues/1739).

Completion of this due diligence document, resolution of concerns raised, and presented for public comment satisfies the Due Diligence Review criteria.

- [X] **Additional documentation as appropriate for project type, e.g.: installation documentation, end user documentation, reference implementation and/or code samples.**

As a graduating project, OpenTelemetry has sufficient documentation for its project type, with robust user documentation that covers the user persona, demos of the project, details regarding its specifications, spec-supported project and vendor listing, migration information, and architecture diagrams among many other material topics. 

## Governance and Maintainers

Note: this section has been augmented by the completion of a Governance Review from Project Reviews TOC Sub-project.

OTEL's [Governance review was performed in August 2025](https:github.com/cncf/toc/projects/open-telemetry/governance-review/2025-08-14). The TOC has found no conflict with the governance review group's findings.

> **Status:** Exemplary

> > Open Telemetry is a large project and has appropriate governance for a project of it's size. They delegates ownership to Special Interest Groups (SIGs), with each SIG responsible for subprojects in their respective domain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> OpenTelemetry is a large project and has appropriate governance for a project of it's size. They delegates ownership to Special Interest Groups (SIGs), with each SIG responsible for subprojects in their respective domain.
```
